German president Frank wter steinm in
Istanbul to celebrate his country's
history of diplomatic ties with
Tura when we in Germany celebrate the
75th birthday of our federal republic in
a month's time we will do so in the
knowledge that the millions of stories
of Turkish German immigrants are part of
our
history his host Istanbul's mayor
showing him a train station where
Turkish migrants once set out to find
work in Germany but as the pair walked
together inside an
exhibition the greeting outside from
protesters was anything but
diplomatic genocidal criminal Germany
came the shouts murderer
Germany within minutes Turkish police
broke up the
protest Germany is second only to the
United States in weapons sales to Israel
and at the international court of
justice this month it defended those
actions after caragua argued it was
facilitating
genocide anger at this policy was on
show this past weekend in Berlin 2 where
Pro Palestinian sentiment and Israeli
support sometimes clashed with police in
the middle a similar anger at Germany's
leaders now apparent away from home too
vill mars Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer